docs: Document that @promptless mentions from bots trigger follow-ons on docs PRs (#663)
Promptless/docs: src/content/changelog/changelogs/june-2026.mdx

* **Microsoft Teams connection showed a raw tenant ID:** The Integrations page displayed your Microsoft Teams connection's raw Azure AD tenant ID (a GUID) instead of a readable name. It now shows your tenant's organization name—for example, "Contoso"—as the "Connected to" identity, matching how Slack, GitHub, and Notion display a human-readable name. Promptless reads the name automatically as part of the existing connection, so there are no new permissions to grant and nothing to reconnect.

* **@promptless mentions from bots in PR comments:** Promptless dropped comments from automated accounts before checking for an @promptless mention, so a CI or review GitHub Action that tagged Promptless in a pull request comment never created a documentation suggestion. A direct @promptless mention now takes priority over the bot filter, so a mention from a bot—such as a GitHub Action running Diataxis, Doc Detective, snippets, or AGENTS.md checks—triggers documentation work just like a mention from a person. Bot comments that don't mention Promptless are still ignored.

> * **@promptless mentions from bots on documentation PRs:** Follow-on comments on a documentation PR dropped comments from automated accounts before checking for an @promptless mention, so a CI or review GitHub Action that tagged Promptless on a docs PR couldn't request a follow-on revision. A direct @promptless mention now takes priority over the bot filter on docs PRs too, matching the existing behavior on source PRs. Bot comments without a mention are still ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **@promptless mentions from bots on documentation PRs:** Previously, Promptless ignored PR comments from bots, so a CI or review GitHub Action that tagged Promptless on a docs PR couldn't request a follow-on revision. A direct `@Promptless` mention now triggers Promptless to respond, regardless of the comment author. Bot comments without a mention are still ignored.
```
